delivery	start_handling	Earliest time at which the vehicle parks and starts to deliver/pick-up goods. This time stamp has been collected also for some of the vehicles that parked in locations other than the loading bay (e.g. on the street or in the passengers carpark). If the vehicle parked in the passengers carpark then the variable records the time at which the vehicle entered the carpark.delivery	stop_handling	Time at which the vehicle stops the delivering/pick-up procedures and leave.delivery	service	"Classification of vehicles observed by purpose of the parking: GV (vehicles delivering and/or picking up goods), post (Singapore Post vehicles), garbage (waste collection vehicles),people (trucks and buses transporting passengers), service (general service vehicles such as air-conditioning servicing, ...), other (other types of special vehicles such as gas and water tanks, cranes etc.)."delivery	htime	"Total handling time. Length of time interval (in minutes) from the time at which the observed vehicle parked to the time at which the vehicle left the system. We call this time HANDLING since it is the time during which the driver and/or helpers perform the delivery, pick-up or service. However, this does not necessarily exclude that this observed length of time captured activities other than handlig operations (e.g. recreational acivities). Computed as the time difference between the stop_handling_time and the start_handling_time variables."delivery	del_pick	"Whether the GV observed has performed only delivery, only pick-up, both delivery and pick-up or nothing."delivery	del_size	Total size (measured in cubic meters) of goods delivered.delivery	pick_size	Total size (measured in cubic meters) of goods picked-up.delivery	commodity_type	"Type of goods handled classified in: clothing and fashion accessories, products for personal care and house cleanings, portable electronics, fresh or frozen food, non-perishable food, prepared food, products for gardening and pets, home appliances and furniture, jewellery, optics and photography, pharmaceutical, recreational goods, stationery, others."delivery	store_no	Total number of stores served within the mall surveyed.delivery	store_name	"Name of first store served, as reported in the mall website store locator list."vehicle	plate	Vehicle registration plate.vehicle	side_company	Company name as reported in the side-plate (not all vehicles have a side plate).vehicle	side_postal	Postal code of company reported in the side plate of the vehicle.vehicle	vehicle_type	"Vehicle category classified in small vans, large vans, open light trucks, closed light trucks, heavy trucks and others."vehicle	vehicle_model	Vehicle make/model.vehicle	refrigerated	If Yes the vehicle is refrigerated.vehicle	loading	Percentage of vehicle capacity filled as observed before the start of the delivery/pick-up.vehicle	no_workers	"Total number of workers, including the driver."vehicle	logo	"Any information exposed on the side of the vehicle (any company name, contact, website, picture description etc.). "driver	employer	Name of the company the driver work for.driver	employer_type	"Type of employer, classified in supplier, retailer (if the employer company name is the same as the store delivering to), wholesaler, transportation/logistics, courier, other."driver	no_reload	Average daily number of times the driver reloads the truck at the warehouse/origin.driver	stop	Average daily number of different location the vehicle delivers to.driver	start	Map location where the driver started the trip the same morning.driver	morning_load	Percentage of vehicle capacity filled at the start of the day.driver	erp	Answer Yes or No to the question: Will you use the roads with ERP charges during peak hours?driver	working_hours	Number of working hours of the driver everyday.
driver	refill	Average number of time the vehicle is refilled with gasoline in a week.driver	flex	Answer Yes or No to question: Do you have the flexibility to deliver at other timings instead of delivering now?. The question aim at understanding whether the driver has flexibility in drafting his own daily schedule or if someone else fix it.traffic	park_location	"Type of parking chosen by the driver: street (the vehicle parked and performed handling on street), loading bay (the vehicle parked and performed handling in the loading/unloading bay) or carpark (the vehicle entered the passenger carpark)."traffic	entry_time	Time at which the vehicle was recorded by the entry camera entering the study area.traffic	exit_time	Time at which the vehicle was recorded by the exit camera leaving the study area.traffic	extime	Minutes spent in exiting the study area. Computed as the difference between stop_handling_time and  exit_time.traffic	qtime	Minutes spent queuing. Computed as the difference between arrival_time and start_handling_time.traffic	dtime	Toal number of seconds od dwell time in the study area. Computed as exit_time - arrival_time.